 assignments

OOPS ASSIGNMENT


ASSIGNMENT
DATE OF SUBMISSION : 12-APR-2020
Object Oriented Programming using C++
SECTION-A
Note: Very Short Answer type questions.
Q.1 a) State one difference between variable and constant.
b) Define Destructors.
c) Name one operator that can not be overloaded.
d) What are used defined data types?
e) Define preprocessor directives.
f) "Abstract class may be instantiated".
This statement is true or false?
g) Define scope resolution operator.
h) What are static functions?
i) Define polymorphism
j) Can a constructor be overloaded?
k) Write the use of break statement?
l) Write one difference between constructor and destructor.
m) What is the use of friend function?
n) Define Cin and Cout?
o) Write the syntax of do-while loop?
p) Define stream?
q) What is structure?
r) Define object?


SECTION-B
Note: Short answer type questions.
Q.2 i) Write short notes on
a) Encapsulation b) Data hiding
ii) What are the advantages and disadvantages of object oriented programming approach.
iii) How is static binding different from dynamic binding?
iv) Explain private inheritance using an example.
v) What are inline functions? What are the advantages?
vi) Write a program in C++ illustrating the concept of for loop.
vii) Explain virtual base class?
viii) Write a program in C++ illustrating the concept of  pointers?
ix) Define union. What is the difference between a union and a structure.
x) Differentiate between constructor and destructor.
xi) What are the limitations of operator overloading in C++?
xii) Explain the components of a file.
xiii) Discuss the use of Header files.
xiv) Describe parametrised constructor with an example.
xv) Write a program in C++ that opens and closes a file.


SECTION-C
Note: Long answer type questions.
Q.3 What do you understand by object oriented programming? Compare procedure oriented programming and object oriented programming.
Q.4 Write a program in C++ to multiply two matrices.
Q.5 What are the differences between formal and actual parameters. Explain with example.
Q.6 What are the various types of control structures in C++? Explain with suitable examples.
Q.7 What is virtual function? Explain the need of virtual function with suitable examples.


